Rewrite `finally()`'s "Return value" section (#32753)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/promise/finally/index.md

### Return value

> Given `promise.finally(onFinally)`:
> 
> - If `onFinally` throws an error or returns a rejected promise, `finally()` will return a promise rejected with that value.
> - Otherwise, `finally()` will return a promise that settles with the same value as `promise`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns a new {{jsxref("Promise")}} immediately. This new promise is always pending when returned, regardless of the current promise's status. If `onFinally` throws an error or returns a rejected promise, the returned promise will reject with that value. Otherwise, the returned promise will settle with the same state as the current promise.
```

Author: I like your edit better than mine. Thanks!

### Return value

> Returns a new {{jsxref("Promise")}} immediately. This new promise is always pending when returned, regardless of the current promise's status. If `onFinally` throws an error or returns a rejected promise, the returned promise will reject with that value. Otherwise, the returned promise will settle with the same state as the current promise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns a new {{jsxref("Promise")}} immediately. This new promise is always pending when returned, regardless of the current promise's status. If `onFinally` throws an error or returns a rejected promise, the new promise will reject with that value. Otherwise, the new promise will settle with the same state as the current promise.
```
